 At the beginning user can choose one or both options for new
project - BroadbandConnection or/and LAN.

     This creates at least 3 different combinations for templates:
Broadband only, LAN only, BB+LAN.

     Then, in case of selecting BB user also has additional choose: to
enter Required Bandwidth (RB) directly or to calculate in by entering
some initial data and by choosing Traffic Profile (TP).

     This step gives us altogether 5 different combinations for
templates: Broadband only+RB, Broadband only+TP, LAN only, BB+LAN +RB,
BB+LAN+TP.

     Then for cases that have LAN we can choose two main options: to
calculate network in classrooms; to calculate hotspot.

     Here I have a questions for Igor - how should we deal in case of
nothing had choosen? To skip LAN in total?

     So, LAN options give us with 3 combinations (Classrooms only,
Hotspot only, Classrooms + Hotspot) that are applieble for all cases
where we have LAN.

     As result we have 11 dirrerent combinations for templates:
Broadband only+RB, Broadband only+TP, LAN only (Classrooms only), LAN
only (Hotspot only), LAN only (Classrooms + Hotspot),  BB+LAN
(Classrooms only) +RB,  BB+LAN (Hotspot only) +RB,  BB+LAN (Classrooms +
Hotspot) +RB, BB+LAN (Classrooms only)+TP, BB+LAN (Hotspot only)+TP,
BB+LAN (Classrooms + Hotspot)+TP.

     At last we have two options for each of these cases: simple
template & extended template.

     So, we have 22 different templates with different set of fields
depends from the options were choosen. But probably less (or more),
because for example case "Broadband only+RB" could not be divided into
simple & extended, but at the same time we had skiped flag about
topology. We do not need coordinates in template if we won't calculate
interschool connections.
